Adds documentation request / fix section (#256)
airctic/mantisshrimp: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/documenetation_request_fix.md

---
name: Documentation Request / Fix
about: Changes required in documentation.
title: ''
labels: enhancement, documentation, good first issue
assignees: ''

---

## 📓 Documentation Update
**What part of documentation was unclear or wrong?**

> A clear and concise description of what and where the docuemntation was wrong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A clear and concise description of what and where the documentation was wrong. If it was a typo, raising an issue is not required, you can straight away open a PR 🙂
```

Author: Added 👍
